Attention, Control.
We are currently heading south.
Suspect is in custody.
This is Control speaking.
We've verified your position.
Handle suspect carefully.
He's a slippery little guy.
You're awful quiet.
So what?
Well, from what I heard,
you caused quite a ruckus over
at Prison Island the other night.
Now we can't get two words outta ya.
Guess I'm not feeling too chatty.
You better what that smart mouth, hedgehog,
or you'll be running laps in a 10x9 cell.
[Groan]
[Yelling]
[Sounds of struggling and fighting]
Get him!
What's going on up there?
I gotta get the jump on these flyguys.
Hey! Whaddaya think you're doing?
Come back!
Wo-wo-wo-woah!
Woah...
Sorry, dudes!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Suspect located.
Deploy robots immediately!
Roger.
Woah.
I am outta here! [Yelp]
[Lasers]
Uh-oh! They mean business!
Could I possibly sink any lower?
What am I running away from anyway?
I mean, I haven't done
anything wrong, have I?
I just wonder what it is they think I did.
Hey, Chris! I heard you
come from Station Square.
Uh, yeah?
Have you ever seen Sonic
the Hedgehog up close?
Uh... Sonic?
Well, sorta.
What's he like? Is he really that fast?
You bet he's fast!
He's faster than anybody.
And he's nicer than anybody, too.
Wish I could meet him.
Ha.
Who knows. If we're lucky, maybe
we'll both get to meet him some day!
Well, I gotta get to class. Later!
See ya!
Mr. President. It appears
our undercover operative
has settled into his new mission,
and will have all of the resources necessary.
Good work.
And what about the flood?
Well, sir. I've read the full
report over the last few days.
There was some damage,
but from what I can gather,
none of the citizens were harmed in any way.
And what about Sonic?
Is there any new information?
I'm afraid it doesn't look good.
And with a crime of this magnitude, sir,
I'm not sure the government
should get involved.
I don't know.
This just doesn't sound like him.
I agree with ya, sir.
Huh?
Sonic would never do such a thing.
I think he's been wrongly
accused, Mr. President,
and I think you should do something about it.
Just... drive.
Either way, I don't feel it would
look good for us to be involved.
We should wash our hands of him.
Do you really think so?
I do, sir.
[Tires screeching]
[Panicked gasps]
Are you crazy?!
What are you trying to do?
I'm trying to do my job. Just driving.
[Alarms]
Heh heh...
[Explosions]
Mr. President? I have some bad news.
Sonic was just seen at the
National Museum of Art,
attempting to steal the Chaos Emerald.
It can't be!
My men are awaiting your instructions, sir.
We have no choice.
Find him and place him under arrest.
Yes, Mr. President.
I'll alert all divisions immediately, sir.
Attention all division commanders!
Sonic the Hedgehog has gone underground.
Let's go get him!
And now a breaking news story.
I'm standing in the main pavilion
of the National Museum of Art,
where earlier tonight, a
thief broke through security
and stole a priceless Chaos Emerald.
Authorities found these images on tapes
confiscated from the
museum's security cameras.
[Breaking glass]
[Alarms]
Was that Sonic?
It can't be!
Sonic would never take something
that didn't belong to him.
Chao chao chao chao chao chao!
Yeah, right. That was Sonic
on those security tapes.
It can't be!
He was framed!
That's right!
Chao chao!
Uh, maybe it wasn't him.
I guess you can't always believe your eyes.
Surprisingly enough,
authorities have determined from this footage
that the thief is none other
than Sonic the Hedgehog.
According to reports,
Sonic has destroyed numerous government tanks
and fled to an unknown location.
But there...
There must be some kind of mistake!
Sonic wouldn't... [sigh]
Of course he wouldn't, Mr. Chris!
I'm sure there are some explanations!
Hmm...
Sonic... What's happening?
[Laser blast]
[Explosion]
[Lasers]
[More explosions]
Eh, what are you, crazy or somethin'?
Sonic ain't no thief.
I wouldn't make this up!
I saw it on a TV in a repair shop window.
Would I like to you? No.
I tell you, they saw him steal the thing.
Hey...
And not only that,
they caught him breaking into
Prison Island just last night!
Red-handed!
Probably trying to steal government secrets.
[Cry of shock]
Woah!
How did you manage to get permission
for me to visit Prison Island?
Well, let's just say I have
connections in high places.
Who are you, exactly?
Just a fellow newshound, that's all.
Have you ever heard of a government
operation called Project Shadow?
I'm afraid that's top secret.
However, after last night,
I'm not sure how much longer
it will stay secret.
Take a look.
This is security cam video from last night.
As you can see, Eggman and the
hedgehog had broken into the system.
And they're trying to steal
the Project Shadow file.
This videotape makes it clear as day.
Sonic is no longer concerned
with the safety of our citizens,
and has decided to join
forces with the enemy.
He had us all fooled, didn't he?
What happens next, sir?
Quite simple.
We arrest him and try him for high treason.
[Explosions]
Oof! That was easy!
Oh!
Can't hang aroud, big guy. Sorry!
I'll give you a ring, sometime. Whaddaya say?
[Lasers blasting]
Oof!
Now that's what I call a tight squeeze!
[Explosions]
That guy's gotta work
on his aim a little bit!
Huh? Woah!
Huh? What the-?
Good evening.
I must say it's a pleasure to finally
meet you face-to-face, Sonic.
We do look alike. It's uncanny.
Wait a minute!
So it's you that's been gettin'
me in all this hot water lately!
Imposter! [Grunt]
Huh? Oh! Oh!
Hmm... It certainly looks like Sonic.
Still, there's something...
strange... different about him.
Huh?
I assure you, Sonic. I'm no imposter.
I possess far too much power to
be anything but the real thing.
Well, if you're so powerful,
let's see ya prove it!
[Evil laugh]
Hey, not bad! I'm almost impressed!
How 'bout a little race action?
Huh?
You're kidding!
Unbelievable.
Well, be sure to call us right
away if anything else happens.
That was your father.
Apparently Sonic's been spotted battling
a government robot on Downhill St.
Chris, where are you going?
I will follow him, Mr. Thorndyke.
Slow down! I'll come with you.
[Sound of engines]
Huh!
He's tougher than I thought he was.
Ha! Think you can beat me?
[Grunt]
Not quite.
[Screeching]
Woah!
Oof!
What just happened?
Sonic's a bit overwhelmed, isn't he?
I certainly can't blame him.
I certainly felt rather confused myself
when I encountered Shadow for the first time.
[Typing] [Beep beep]
What?! It's that hedgehog!
How dare you deceive me, you
speedy little slimeball!
Wait. You're not Sonic!
My name is Shadow.
You've awakened me from a
state of suspended animation,
and I am very grateful.
To show my gratitude, I am at your command.
Hmm...
Bad timing as usual.
Wait. I will show you my power, Doctor.
You've met your match, Sonic!
Compared to Shadow's fancy footwork,
you're as slow as a mound of molasses!
And now that you two have gotten
a bit better acquainted,
you're sure to see that for yourself!
Ha ha ha ha!
[Sparkling]
He's got a Chaos Emerald!
Where'd ya get that Chaos
Emerald, ya phony freak?
Hand it over!
Huh!
You can do better than that, Sonic.
If you don't light a fire under those feet,
you'll never get this Emerald back.
[Grunt]
He really is faster than I am!
But that's not speed! He's disappearing!
Woah!
That's not all.
I'm full of surprises.
Grandpa!
Chaos Control, now!
He can cause Chaos Control
with just one Chaos Emerald?
Who is he, and where did he come from?
Oof!
[Series of grunts]
Ah!
Leave him alone!
Oof. Like to fight dirty, don't ya?
Consider yourself fortunate.
If I'da used my full strength,
you'd've been much worse off than this.
[Grimace]
Many years ago, Professor Gerald Robotnik
endowed me with the power of Chaos Control.
A normal creature like yourself
doesn't stand a chance against me.
Heh. Don't underestimate us normal types.
Heh.
[Sirens]
I have a feeling I should make myself scarce.
Goodbye, Sonic.
It certainly was a great pleasure.
Chaos Control, now!
Woah!
[Sirens continue]
Sonic! We've got you surrounded.
You're under arrest! Put your hands up!
No way! You can't arrest me!
I didn't do anything! Honest!
I'm gonna give you 'til the
count of five to surrender.
Ready?
One, two...
Uh...
COP: three, four...
CHRIS: Turn yourself in, Sonic!
You're already in trouble.
Just do what they say!
Hmm.
Please, Sonic.
Your time's up, buddy.
Now let's move.
We've got a special cell over on
Prison Island with your name on it.
Did you just say Prison Island?
Yeah, what about it?
Really? You mean, that's where
you're taking me from here?
That's where we usually take criminals.
Okay, Chris. I'll do it!
I'm gonna turn myself in!
Alright, guys. Cuff me!
I'm all yours!
Hm.
Only, just take it easy
on the wrists, fellas.
You might use Chaos Control, friend,
but I'm gonna have to get
out of this without tricks.
I'll do it, somehow.
And when I do, we'll meet again.
[Helicopter propellors]
Don't worry about me, Chris.
I'll be out before you know it, buddy.
I hope so...
[Helicopter propellors]
I won't let anyone stand in my way.
Least of all you, Sonic.
Maria.
Yippee!
[Cheering]
We did it! We did it!
That hedgehog's in the hoosegow
thanks to you, Shadow!
He is practically busting his buttons!
That jacket always was
tight around the tummy.
Remember, Doctor.
You must still obtain
five more Chaos Emeralds
in order to use the Eclipse Cannon.
But when you do, it will
give you ultimate power
and make you master of the universe.
Sounds good to me!
And now, to hash out the rest
of our dastardly strategy!
Let's see...
Doctor, I have a message for you this time!
[Laughing]
Huh?
Hiya, Doc. Long time no see.
I was wonderin' if we could get together
to discuss a little business transaction.
A business transaction?
I would not trust her, Doctor.
Who asked ya, bolt brain?
Fetch her right away!
Uh-oh!
Here we go!
[All yelling]
That's not funny!
Don't blame me!
Lots of stuff on television bombs!
[Laughs]
I just hope this little scam of mine works.
Ah!
I didn't expect you so soon.
Good evening, Doctor.
I have a little something
I'd like to show you.
A Chaos Emerald!
It's all yours, Eggy...
If you agree to my conditions.
All you have to do is be
a good boy and play nice,
and I'll tell you where the others are.
Whaddaya say, Doc? Do we have a deal?
Huh.
That depends. What do you want?
Pleasure before business.
Who's this charming friend of yours?
I'm Rouge the Bat.
What's your name?
It's Shadow.
Shadow the Hedgehog.
[Gasp]
[Whimper]
Chao chao!
Don't worry, you guys. We'll be back soon!
But... this is something I
have to find out for myself.
We understand, Chris.
You two take care of yourselves.
Why do we have to dress
like this, Mr. Tanaka?
I am inspired by my boyhood hero.
Come on! Step on it!
We've got to get to Prison Island in a hurry!
What a bossy-
What did you say?
Uh...
What a day.
Who'da thought I'd be thrown in
jail for something I didn't do?
I'd better think fast. Use my time wisely.
And figure out who that Shadow was...
and what he wants.